Big black rectangle - web-page.
Ellipse contains the name of the page/table.

Dark grey rectangle with row table of objects(employee, projects ...)

Light grey rectangle - layer with widgets which appears after click on the button that it contains with 2-arrow-sign near.

Small black rectangles witch sharp corners are buttons.
Small black rectangles witch soft corners are text fields of editable fields if specified near into parallelogram. 

Arrows show wich page you will get if you press the button.


Main page(page with employee information)

Button with 3 lines at the left corner shows a layer with 3 navigation buttons which get you to pages with employee, projects and payout policies.
At the right corner button "Добавить работника" shows a layer with attributes of the new employee and buttons "Отменить" to discard adding of a new employee, "Добаить" to accept adding of a new employee.

Attributes are:
  Input field "Имя" to specify the name of a new employee;
  Input field "Фамилия" to specify the surname of a new employee;
  Input field "Отчество" to specify the middle name of a new employee;
  Input field(calendar) "Дата рождения" to specify the date of birth of a new employee;
  Input field "Образование" to specify the graduation organisation of a new employee;
  Input field(select) "Должность" to specify the post of a new employee;
  

The button "Фильтры" shows a layer with attributes to specify employee you want to see in the nearby table and 
button "Применить" to admit filteres you specified.

Attributes are:
  Input field "Имя" to specify the name of an employee;
  Input field "Фамилия" to specify the surname of an employee;
  Input field "Отчество" to specify the middle name of an employee;
  Input field(calendar) "Дата рождения" to specify the date of birth of an employee;
  Input field(select) "Должность" to specify the post of a new employee;
  Input field(select) "Проект" to specify the project where an employee works;
  Input field(select) "Роль в проекте" to specify the role of an employee in any project;
  Input field(True/False) "Премирован" to specify has an employee been rewarded in this quarterl;

Table "Список работников" contains rows-buttons with name, surname, middle name and post of current employee, which get you to the page of current employee if yoy click it.
Text field "Количество" shows you a number of rows in current table.


Projects page(Проекты)

Buttons with 3 lines is the same as in the previous description.
Buutton "Фильтры" shows a layer with attributes to specify project you want to see in the nearby table and 
button "Применить" to admit filteres you specified.

Attributes are:
  Input field "Название" to specify the name of a project;
  Input field(calendar) "Дата начала" to specify the date a project was started;
  Input field(calendar) "Дата конца" to specify the date a project was finished;
  
Button "Добавить проект" shows you a layer with attributes of a new project and buttons "Отменить" to discard adding of a new project, "Добаить" to accept adding of a new project.

Attributes are:
  Input field "Название" to specify the name of a new project;
  Input field(calendar) "Дата начала" to specify the date a new project was started;

Table "Список проектов" contains rows-buttons with name, start_date and finish date of current project. which get you
to the page if current project.
 

Payout Policies Page(Политики выплат)

Button with 3 lines is the same as in the previous description.
Button "По должностям" shows you a layer with table with rows contains information about current post and it's payout value.
Button "Премиальные" shows you a layer with table with rows contains information about current reward payout value and cause of it.
Button "Стаж" shows you a layer with table with rows contains information about current work experience border and it's payout value.
Button "По проектам" shows you a layer with the input field(search and list) "Проект" you have to specify to see information about roles in current project and table which shows you this information.
Button "Добавить" becomes available when you click any button("Премиальные", "Стаж", "По проектам", "По должностям")
and shows you a layer with attributes of payout you want to add or redact and buttons "Отменить" to discard adding of a new payout value, "Добаить" to accept adding of a new payout value.

Atrributes are the same as in the table on the layer of button you clicked.

Button "Добавить" becomes enable if you've pressed any button.
Button "Удалить" becomes enable if you've chosen any rows in any table of layers.


Project information page(Информация о проекте)

Button with 3 lines is the same as in the previous description.
Button "Удалить проект" deletes current project(with admitting question)
Text field "Название" shows the name of the project.
Text field "Дата начала" shows the date the project has been started.
Text field "Дата конца" shows the date the project has been finished.
Table "Список работников" contains rows-buttons with name, surname, middle name and role of ccurrent employee, which get you to the page of current employee if yoy click it.
Text field "Количество" shows a number of rows in the table.

Button "Добавить работника" shows you a layer with input field(search+list) "ФИО", input field(select) "Роль", buttons
"Отменить" and "Добавить".
Input field(search+list) "ФИО" to specify current worker.
Input field(select) "Роль" to specify the role of the worker in this project.
Button "Отменить" to discard adding a new employee.
Button "Добавить" to apply adding a new employee.

Button "Удалить работников" shows you a layer with table "Список работников", buttons
"Отменить" and "Удалить".
Table "Список работников" is the same as described in this page, but buttons just select worker do be deleted.

Button "Отменить" to discard deleting employees.
Button "Добавить" to apply deleting employees.

Employee information page(Информация о работнике)

Buttonn with 3 lines and "Фильтры" is the same as in the previous description.
Widgets "Фио","Дата рождения" etc. shows main information about current worker.
Button "Редактировать" allows you to redact information. Then press button "Сохранить" to save it.
Tables "История должностей", "История ролей" etc. shows additional information about current employee.
Button "Удалить работника" deletes current worker.

 



